Ohh, yeah!
♪ Powerpuff girls
fighting crime ♪
♪ To save the world
before bedtime ♪
♪ Here's the time to shine
when you're fighting crime ♪
♪ Power it up ♪
♪ Who's got the power? ♪
♪ We got the power ♪
♪ Breaking through the wall,
gonna do it all ♪
♪ We don't quit ♪
♪ Who's got the power? ♪
♪ We got the power ♪
Oh! Yeah!
[ Bell rings ]
Club day sign-ups have now begun
in the cafetorium.
Step right up and join
the auctioneers club!
We got room for 10 more.
Do I got 10?
Thank you, sir!
Come join the cheese club.
We got cheese logs, cheese
balls, cheese pants...
-Money!
-Welcome to the money club.
Too poor, too poor, too poor.
I'm here to sign up for
the Model U.N.
Dibs on Norway!
Sorry.
It's full.
No!
My life is ruined!
Ruined!
Blossom, we heard your
over-dramatic cries!
What's wrong, dude?
The Model U.N. closed.
My entire career trajectory
hinged on being Norway in
the Model U.N. Club.
[ Sighs ]
Now I'm doomed to a life
in local government.
It's no so bad, dude.
Just sign up for another club.
Another club?
This is a perfect day to try
something new, Blossom.
Who knows?
You just might like it.
You could take Art Club with me,
and be an artist.
Me? An artist?
[ Echoing ]
Artist, artist...
[ String quartet playing ]
Might I move now,
Madame Blossom?
Me bum's getting sore!
I told you, squire Bubbles,
you can move all you want.
I'm not painting you.
I'm painting the chair!
[ Sighs ]
And done!
Amazing!
[ Oohing and aahing ]
Well, I say!
That is the most beautiful
painting of a chair
I have ever seen!
If I were to grade this
painting,
I would certainly give it
a grade of the highest caliber!
An "A," perhaps!
[ Gushes ]
I want to put it in
my fancy mansion!
I want to put it in my
super-fancy castle!
I say, what do we get for
the chair painting?
Let's start the bidding at
two pence!
[ Clamoring ]
I should have become a painter!
Instead, I followed the family
business of pitchforks, torches,
and bubblegum spittoons.
[ Hawks throat ]
[ Ting ]
'Tis a hit, your painting is!
Thank you, Bubbles!
Being an artist truly is
a wonderful thing.
Well, I don't like that chair!
It's far too provocative!
I agree! Somebody should paint
a sweater on that chair!
A sweater?!
It's just a chair!
Well, a chair like that has no
place in civilized society!
I plan on never sitting on
another chair again!
Let's form an angry mob
and destroy that chair!
[ Clamoring ]
Whoo-hoo!
People, please!
It's just a painting!
It's not the end of the world!
You heard her --
it's the end of the world!
Release the Renaissance robot!
[ Screaming ]
[ Screams ]
I should have gone
into selling robots.
Aagh!
No!
I don't think Art Club
is right for me.
What you need is a club with
more excitement, more adventure.
Behold --
the Future Astronauts Club!
An astronaut?
[ Echo ]
Astronaut, astronaut...
Houston, Astro Blossom
has landed.
Over.
Yay!
Congratulations, Astro Blossom!
You're the first human to land
on an alien planet! Under!
Uh, I think you're supposed
to say, "over."
Over.
-Over, under.
No, not "under," "over."
Over.
Okay. I get it.
Over, under.
[ Sighs ]
Okay!
Let's explore the planet!
Ready, R2B2?
Boop beep.
Beep boop beep boop.
S'up?
Ooh!
Oh, wow!
The rock samples on this
planet's surface
are fascinating!
I'll say.
They're not flying into space
when I throw 'em at ya.
Better keep testing, though.
R2B2, you're supposed --
Who dares set foot on our
planet?!
Greetings! It is I --
Astro Blossom --
representative of Earth.
Silence!
We have tracked you earthlings
for many light years.
I demand to know one thing.
How do you get your hair
so shiny?
[ Giggles ]
Why, if I were to grade
your hair,
I would give it the letter "A."
And, now, in the spirit of
intergalactic friendship --
and maybe more in the future --
let us drink the soda of peace!
♪ Soda of peace ♪
Sweet!
[ Buzzing ]
[ Screaming ]
Beep boop bop bop beep.
♪ Drinking soda of peace ♪
Oh, I'd hate to set this down
with out a coaster.
[ Gasps ]
On our planet, using a coaster
is an act of war!
I'm sorry!
[ Gasps ]
Apologizing is an even bigger
act of war!
Release the Earth-destroying
robot!
Aagh!
What do we do?!
I got this!
No!
That was a terrible idea, too!
You haven't tried it yet.
What could go wrong?
Literally everything!
[ Sighs ]
Maybe I'm over-thinking this.
BOTH: You think?
I just need to pick a club
that's simple and fun.
One that can't possibly
go wrong!
Like...
[ Gasps ]
Breakdancing Club!
[ Echoing ]
Breakdancing club!
Go, Blossom, go!
Go, Blossom, go, Blossom, go!
[ Cheering ]
Aw, yeah!
Straight illin'!
[ Cheering ]
Blossom, you're one fly honey!
If I had to give your dancin'
a grade, I'd give it an "A"!
Good thing we've got the
Townsville rec center
so all us kids can dance out
our feelings!
Aw, yeah!
Nothing can stop us now!
Stop! My daddy just bought
this rec center
purely for the purpose of
kicking you out!
Read the contract and weep!
[ All groan ]
Wait! There must be something
we can do!
♪♪
Yo, yo! I perused this contract
for reals real,
and it says that the only way we
can save the rec center
is a dance-off!
Aw, yeah!
Blossom versus Morbucks
dance-off!
It's on!
[ Dance music plays ]
Boo-yah!
You've been served!
[ Cheering ]
Ooh, step off, girl!
♪ Don't stop your body ♪
♪ Don't stop ♪
♪ Love, love me
Love, love me ♪
[ Rap music plays ]
♪ Move to the left
Move to the right ♪
♪ It's Soul Sonic
on the floor tonight ♪
♪ It's the perfect beat
I got magic feet ♪
♪ So it's time for you
to hit the street ♪
You call that dancin'?
Check this!
[ Music in the style of
"Y.M.C.A." plays ]
♪ You know I'm all about
the C-A-S-H ♪
♪ My money's also known as
C-A-S-H ♪
♪ I gotta make it
and spend it ♪
Ha! Try beating that,
M.C. Puffpants!
Time to get serious!
[ Music in the style of
"Maniac" plays ]
[ "Stayin' Alive" style
disco plays ]
[ "Thriller" style pop plays ]
[ Operatic, rock music ]
♪ Dancin' ♪
[ "Super Freak" style ]
♪ Back up, oh, my, lift my knees
watch me fly ♪
♪ Turn this battle out ♪
[ Grunts ]
Yeah --
oh, bummer.
You did it, Blossom!
You showed that jive turkey!
Yeah!
Hey! You may have won this
round, Blossom!
But I'm still the coolest girl
in town!
Hey!
Anybody want victory punch?
Whoa!
Huh?
[ Sobbing ]
[ Pop music plays ]
Now, it's on to nationals!
[ Gasps ]
[ Screaming ]
♪ Don't stop your body ♪
♪ Don't stop ♪
[ Screaming ]
Aw --
No!
Ugh!
I can't do it!
All my future plans end in
Earth-destroying robot attacks.
Robot attacks?
Robot attack?!
That sounds perfect for
my club --
the Dystopian Sci-Fi Writers
Club!
The Dystopian Sci-Fi
Writers Club?
Yeah! We write crazy stories
that happen in the past,
or in space --
or even in the '80s.
Feel free to sign up!
Blossom, Blossom?!
Bobby just quit Model U.N.
to join Breakdancing Club!
Really?
But you're perfect for Dystopian
Writers Club!
Really?
Well, I, uh...
As the representative of Norway,
I urge peace and hot cocoa
for all!
[ Cheering ]
[ Gasping ]
"Smash!
Bash!"
The robot spoke in an ominous
voice --
"I come from outer space with
a warning --
don't paint any portraits of
chairs breakdancing!"
[ Cheering ]
This is the greatest club ever!
This is the lamest club ever.
Aw, yeah!
♪ Powerpuff Girls
fighting crime ♪
♪ Saving the world
before bedtime ♪
♪ Battling evil toe-to-toe ♪
♪ Saving the day,
Powerpuff goal ♪
[ Giggling, cheering ]